Greetings, Lady Wang.
Hey, your face...
Replying to Lady Wang, yesterday I unfortunately caught a cold.
And this blush...
I just applied it a bit heavily.
With this look...
How dare you...
show yourself in front of His Majesty and the Empress Dowager?
Yes, yes, please let me be eliminated quickly.
I actually think this makeup is quite lovely.
Greetings, Your Majesty.
Empress Dowager.
Raise your head.
Emperor, what is good about this makeup?
This makeup is festive.
You may all rise.
Today is the selection day.
Yet her parents dressed her like this.
It seems they usually mistreat her at home.
Someone, convey my decree.
Punish Minister Su by halving his salary for six months.
And his wife will copy the "Classic of Women" a thousand times.
In her past life, the empress's parents always caused trouble.
I might as well take this opportunity to vent on the empress.
What madness has this dog emperor come down with?
In the past life, he didn't even show his face,
letting the Empress Dowager decide everything.
Emperor, your decree is too hasty.
Hmph.
Before I came, I looked at the roster.
These two should be sisters.
The younger sister is dressed in fine clothes,
with exquisite makeup,
while the elder sister looks like this.
If this isn't favoritism, what is it?
The emperor is right.
To treat daughters so differently, indeed they should be punished.
Take the Su girl away and redo her makeup.
Please, go ahead.
It's over. Now you're in trouble too.
What on earth are you planning to do?
Wow, is this the same person from earlier?
So beautiful!
She looks like a completely different person!
Wow, such beauty!
The emperor has a good eye.
This Su girl is truly a rare beauty.
Of course, Su Taifu is a famous great scholar.
How could his granddaughter be anything less?
This dog emperor really knows how to stir things up.
Grandfather, I'm sorry.
Your granddaughter might embarrass you next.